DOCSUP-5822: Document the accurateCastOrNull function. (#19965)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/operators/in.md

If the left side is a single column that is in the index, and the right side is a set of constants, the system uses the index for processing the query.

Don’t list too many values explicitly (i.e. millions). If a data set is large, put it in a temporary table (for example, see the section [External data for query processing](../../engines/table-engines/special/external-data.md)), then use a subquery.

The right side of the operator can be a set of constant expressions, a set of tuples with constant expressions (shown in the examples above), or the name of a database table or SELECT subquery in brackets.

> ClickHouse allows different types inside `IN` subquery. For left hand side it applies conversion to the type of right hand side with [accurateCastOrNull](../functions/type-conversion-functions.md#type_conversion_function-accurate-cast_or_null).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClickHouse allows different types in the left and right parts of `IN` subquery. In this case it converts the left hand side to the type of the right hand side as if the [accurateCastOrNull](../functions/type-conversion-functions.md#type_conversion_function-accurate-cast_or_null) function is applied.
```

> ClickHouse allows different types in the left and right parts of `IN` subquery. In this case it converts the left hand side to the type of the right hand side as if the [accurateCastOrNull](../functions/type-conversion-functions.md#type_conversion_function-accurate-cast_or_null) function is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClickHouse allows types to differ in the left and the right parts of `IN` subquery. In this case it converts the left side value to the type of the right side, as if the [accurateCastOrNull](../functions/type-conversion-functions.md#type_conversion_function-accurate-cast_or_null) function is applied. That means, that the data type becomes [Nullable](../../sql-reference/data-types/nullable.md), and if the conversion cannot be performed, it returns  [NULL](../../sql-reference/syntax.md#null-literal).
```
